c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\SECURITY.dll
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\SECURITY.pdb
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.FormAutores.resources
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.FormCategorias.resources
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.FormEditoriales.resources
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.FormLibros.resources
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.FormPrincipal.resources
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\sena-principal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EjemploSolution\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
